Update appendix_modifer.md to PySigma 0.7.6 (#78)
SigmaHQ/sigma-specification: appendix_modifer.md

The following document defines the standardized modifiers that can be used in Sigma.

* Version 2.0.0
* Release date 2023/07/01

# General

* `all`: Normally, lists of values are linked with *OR* in the generated query. This modifier
  changes this to *AND*. This is useful if you want to express a command line invocation with different
  parameters where the order may vary and removes the need for some cumbersome workarounds.
  
  Single item values are not allowed to have an `all` modifier as some back-ends cannot support it.
  If you use it as a workaround to duplicate a field in a selection, use a new selection instead.

* `startswith`: The value is expected at the beginning of the field's content. (replaces e.g. 'adm*')
* `endswith`: The value is expected at the end of the field's content (replaces e.g. '*\cmd.exe')

> * `contains`: puts `*` wildcards around the values, such that the value is matched anywhere in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `contains`: Puts `*` wildcards around the values, such that the value is matched anywhere in the
```

  field.

> * `exists`: that allows to define that a certain field exists or doesn't exists in a log event by providing a boolean value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `exists`: Defines that a certain field has to exist or must not exist in a log event by providing a boolean value.
```

* `cased`: Values are applied case sensitively. Default Sigma behaviour is case-insensitive matching.

# String only

> * `windash`: creates all possible permutations of the `-` and `/` characters. Windows command line flags can often be indicated by both characters. Using the `windash` modifier converts `-` values into `/` and vice versa and uses all possible permutation of strings in the selection.
> * `re`: value is handled as a regular expression by backends. Regex is matched case-sensitive by default
>   * `i`: `re` sub-modifier to enable case-sensitive matching
>   * `m`: `re` sub-modifier to match across multiple lines.
>   * `s`: `re` sub-modifier to enable dot matches all characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `windash`: Creates all possible permutations of the `-` and `/` characters. Windows command line flags can often be indicated by both characters. Using the `windash` modifier converts `-` values into `/` and vice versa and uses all possible permutation of strings in the selection.
* `re`: Value is handled as a regular expression by backends. Regex is matched case-sensitive by default
  * `i`: (insensitive) `re` sub-modifier to enable case-sensitive matching.
  * `m`: (multi line) `re` sub-modifier to match across multiple lines. `^` /`$` match the start/end of line.
  * `s`: (single line) `re` sub-modifier to enable that dot (`.`) matches all characters, including the newline character.
```

* `wide`: Alias for `utf16le` modifier
* `utf16`: Prepends a [byte order mark](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byte_order_mark) and encodes UTF16, e.g. `cmd` > `FF FE 63 00 6d 00 64 00` (only used in combination with base64 modifiers)

# Specific

* `expand`: Modifier for expansion of placeholders in values. The final behavior of the replacement is determined by processing pipeline transformations. Current possibilities in pySigma are:
  * Expand to value list (`ValueListPlaceholderTransformation`/`value_placeholders`)
  * Replace with query expression in target query language (`QueryExpressionPlaceholderTransformation`/`query_expression_placeholders`)
  * Replace placeholder with wildcard `*`, which should only be used as last resort. (`WildcardPlaceholderTransformation`/`wildcard_placeholders`)

> * `fieldref`: Modifier a plain string into the field reference type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `fieldref`: Modifies a plain string into the field reference type.
```
First time I am hearing this modifier. Can we give an example? As is, I don't understand what it does.
